Added goal updated condition node (#1712)
ros-planning/navigation2: nav2_bt_navigator/README.md

### Navigate with replanning and simple recovery actions

With the recovery node, simple recoverable navigation with replanning can be implemented by utilizing the [navigate_w_replanning.xml](behavior_trees/navigate_w_replanning.xml) and a sequence of recovery actions. Our custom behavior actions for recovery are:  `clearEntirelyCostmapServiceRequest` for both global and local costmaps, `spin` and `wait`. A graphical version of this simple recoverable Behavior Tree is depicted in the figure below.

<p align="center">
<img src="./doc/parallel_w_recovery.png" title="" width="95%">
</p>
<br/>

This tree is currently our default tree in the stack and the xml file is located here: [navigate_w_replanning_and_recovery.xml](behavior_trees/navigate_w_replanning_and_recovery.xml).

> #### Recovery behaviours and condition nodes

Reviewer: Please explicitly use the word "preemption" in the title and throughout the description. I would add a paragraph at the bottom stating this is the recommended way to implement preemption in the behavior tree following this design pattern.

> #### Halting recoveries on navigation goal preemption

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Halting recoveries on navigation goal (Preemption reference design)
```

> In general, the recovery behaviours should be halted when the navigation goal is preempted. In the default tree in the stack, this behaviour is accomplished using a condition node checking the global navigation goal and a reactive fallback controll node:

Author: @SteveMacenski what do you think?

> In general, the recovery behaviours should be halted when the navigation goal is preempted. In the default tree in the stack, this behaviour is accomplished using a condition node checking the global navigation goal and a reactive fallback controll node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, the recovery behaviours and any other long running process should be stopped when the navigation goal is issued (e.g. preemption). In the default tree in the stack, this behaviour is accomplished using a condition node checking the global navigation goal and a reactive fallback controller node:
```

<p align="center">
<img src="./doc/recovery_w_goal_updated.png" title="" width="40%">
</p>

> This way, the recovery actions can be interrupted if a new goal is sent to the bt_navigator. Adding other condition nodes to this structure, it is possible to halt the recoveries in other cases (e.g, giving a time limit for their execution). This is the recommended structure for halting a node or tree branch under specific conditions. Please notice that the order of definition of the nodes in the xml file can alter the behaviour of this structure, and that all conditions should be placed before the recovery behaviour node or branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way, the recovery actions can be interrupted if a new goal is sent to the bt_navigator. Adding other condition nodes to this structure, it is possible to halt the recoveries in other cases (e.g, giving a time limit for their execution). This is the recommended design pattern for preempting a node or tree branch under specific conditions such as a new navigation request. Please notice that the order of definition of the nodes in the xml file can alter the behaviour of this structure, and that all conditions should be placed before the recovery behaviour node or branch.
```
